Feature: cloaked shield permeability (#60)
endless-sky/endless-sky-wiki: wiki/CreatingOutfits.md

  * `"low shield permeability"`: The permeability of your shields as they approach 0%. A shield which is permeable allows some damage to bleed through to the hull. For example, a permeability of 10% means that 90% of the damage hits the shields and 10% hits the hull. As shield strength increases, the permeability of your shields approaches the high shield permeability value. **(v. 0.10.1)**

>   * `"cloaked shield permeability"`: The permeability of your shields is increased by this much while you are cloaked. A shield which is permeable allows some damage to bleed through to the hull. For example, a permeability of 10% means that 90% of the damage hits the shields and 10% hits the hull. This stacks additively with the two permeability attributes above. **(TBD: add version number here when main PR is to be merged)**

Reviewer: Per second, or how often?

Author: I don't understand what you mean.

Author: No.
While you are cloaked, it is increased by this much.
So, for example, with a cloaked shield permeability of 0.1 and 20% permeability from low and high shield permeability, your permeability is 30% while you are cloaked, and 20% while you are uncloaked.

Author: ```suggestion
  * `"cloaked shield permeability"`: The permeability of your shields is increased by this much while you are cloaked. A shield which is permeable allows some damage to bleed through to the hull. For example, a permeability of 10% means that 90% of the damage hits the shields and 10% hits the hull. This stacks additively with the two permeability attributes above. **(v. 0.10.11)**
```
